# Learn Basic CSS by Building a Cafe Menu


3. The ```title``` is one of several elements that provide extra information not visible on the web page, but it is useful for search engines or how the page gets displayed.
```
```
11. You can add style to an element by specifying it in the style element and setting a property for it like this:
```html
<style>
    element {
        property: value;
    }
</style>
```
13. You now have three type selectors with the exact same styling. You can add the same group of styles to many elements by creating a list of selectors. Each selector is separated with commas like this:

```css
h1,h2,p{
    text-align: center;
}
```
14. You have styled three elements by writing CSS inside the ```style``` tags. This works, but since there will be many more styles, it's best to put all the styles in a separate file and link to it.

15. 
16. Now you need to link the ```styles.css``` file, so the styles will be applied again. Inside the ```head``` element, add a ```link``` element. Give it a ```rel``` attribute with the value of ```"stylesheet"``` and an ```href``` attribute with the value of ```"styles.css"```. 

```html
 <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css">
 ```
 
 17. For the styling of the page to look similar on mobile as it does on a desktop or laptop, you need to add a ```meta``` element with a special ```content``` attribute.
 
 Add the following within the head element:

```html
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
```
20. The ```div``` element is used mainly for design layout purposes unlike the other content elements you have used so far. 

21. You can use the ```id ```selector to target a specific element with an ```id``` attribute. An ```id``` selector is defined by placing the hash symbol ```#``` directly in front of the element's ```id``` value. For example, if an element has the ```id``` of ```cat``` then you would target that element like this:
```css
#cat {
  width: 250px;
}
```
22. Comments in CSS look like this:
```css
/* comment here */
```
25. Next, you want to center the ```#menu``` horizontally. You can do this by setting its ```margin-left``` and ```margin-right``` properties to ```auto```. Think of the margin as invisible space around an element. Using these two margin properties, center the #menu element within the body element.

```css
menu {
  width: 80%;
  background-color: burlywood;
  margin-left: auto;
  margin-right: auto;
}
```
26. A class selector is defined by a name with a dot directly in front of it, like this:
```css
.class-name {
  styles
}
```
28. Delete the comment and its contents inside the body type selector. Now add a ```background-image``` property and set its value to url(https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/css-cafe/beans.jpg).
```css
body {
  background-image: url(https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/css-cafe/beans.jpg);
}
```

30. ```article``` elements commonly contain multiple elements that have related information. In this case, it will contain a coffee flavor and a price for that flavor. Nest two ```p```elements inside your ```article``` element. The first one's text should be French Vanilla, and the second's text 3.00.
```html
<article>
    <p>French Vanilla</p>
    <p>3.00</p>
</article>
```
37. The ```p``` elements are nested in an ```article``` element with the class attribute of ```item```. You can style all the ```p``` elements nested anywhere in elements with a class named ```item``` like this:
```css
.item p { }
```
53. You can give your menu some space between the content and the sides with various ```padding``` properties.
```css
menu {
  width: 80%;
  background-color: burlywood;
  margin-left: auto;
  margin-right: auto;
  padding-left: 20px;
  padding-right: 20px;
}
```
55. Since all 4 sides of the menu have the same internal spacing, go ahead and delete the four properties and use a single ```padding``` property with the value ```20px```.
```css
.menu{
padding: 20px;
}
```
57. You can change the ```font-family``` of text, to make it look different from the default font of your browser. Each browser has some common fonts available to it.
```css
body{
    font-family: sans-serif;
}
```
59. You can add a ```fallback``` value for the font-family by adding another font name separated by a comma. Fallbacks are used in instances where the initial is not found/available.

Add the fallback font serif after the Impact font.
```css
h1, h2{
    font-family: Impact, serif;
}
```














